Contains Duplicate
Easy
Given an integer array nums, return true if any value appears more than once in the array, otherwise return false.


Valid Anagram
Easy
Given two strings s and t, return true if the two strings are anagrams of each other, otherwise return false.

An anagram is a string that contains the exact same characters as another string, but the order of the characters can be different.


Two Sum
Easy
Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return the indices i and j such that nums[i] + nums[j] == target and i != j.

You may assume that every input has exactly one pair of indices i and j that satisfy the condition.

Return the answer with the smaller index first.


Group Anagrams
Medium
Given an array of strings strs, group all anagrams together into sublists. You may return the output in any order.

An anagram is a string that contains the exact same characters as another string, but the order of the characters can be different.


Top K Frequent Elements
Medium
Given an integer array nums and an integer k, return the k most frequent elements within the array.

The test cases are generated such that the answer is always unique.

You may return the output in any order.


Encode and Decode Strings
Medium
Design an algorithm to encode a list of strings to a single string. The encoded string is then decoded back to the original list of strings.

Please implement encode and decode


Products of Array Except Self
Medium
Given an integer array nums, return an array output where output[i] is the product of all the elements of nums except nums[i].

Each product is guaranteed to fit in a 32-bit integer.

Follow-up: Could you solve it in 
O(n) time without using the division operation?


Valid Sudoku
Medium
You are given a a 9 x 9 Sudoku board board. A Sudoku board is valid if the following rules are followed:

Each row must contain the digits 1-9 without duplicates.
Each column must contain the digits 1-9 without duplicates.
Each of the nine 3 x 3 sub-boxes of the grid must contain the digits 1-9 without duplicates.
Return true if the Sudoku board is valid, otherwise return false

Note: A board does not need to be full or be solvable to be valid.


Longest Consecutive Sequence
Medium
Given an array of integers nums, return the length of the longest consecutive sequence of elements that can be formed.

A consecutive sequence is a sequence of elements in which each element is exactly 1 greater than the previous element. The elements do not have to be consecutive in the original array.

You must write an algorithm that runs in O(n) time.