Subsets
Medium
Given an array nums of unique integers, return all possible subsets of nums.

The solution set must not contain duplicate subsets. You may return the solution in any order.



Combination Sum
Medium
You are given an array of distinct integers nums and a target integer target. Your task is to return a list of all unique combinations of nums where the chosen numbers sum to target.

The same number may be chosen from nums an unlimited number of times. Two combinations are the same if the frequency of each of the chosen numbers is the same, otherwise they are different.

You may return the combinations in any order and the order of the numbers in each combination can be in any order.



Combination Sum II
Medium
You are given an array of integers candidates, which may contain duplicates, and a target integer target. Your task is to return a list of all unique combinations of candidates where the chosen numbers sum to target.

Each element from candidates may be chosen at most once within a combination. The solution set must not contain duplicate combinations.

You may return the combinations in any order and the order of the numbers in each combination can be in any order.


Permutations
Medium
Given an array nums of unique integers, return all the possible permutations. You may return the answer in any order


Word Search
Medium
Given a 2-D grid of characters board and a string word, return true if the word is present in the grid, otherwise return false.

For the word to be present it must be possible to form it with a path in the board with horizontally or vertically neighboring cells. The same cell may not be used more than once in a word.


Palindrome Partitioning
Medium
Given a string s, split s into substrings where every substring is a palindrome. Return all possible lists of palindromic substrings.

You may return the solution in any order.


Letter Combinations of a Phone Number
Medium
You are given a string digits made up of digits from 2 through 9 inclusive.

Each digit (not including 1) is mapped to a set of characters as shown below:

A digit could represent any one of the characters it maps to.

Return all possible letter combinations that digits could represent. You may return the answer in any order.


N-Queens
Hard
The n-queens puzzle is the problem of placing n queens on an n x n chessboard so that no two queens can attack each other.

A queen in a chessboard can attack horizontally, vertically, and diagonally.

Given an integer n, return all distinct solutions to the n-queens puzzle.

Each solution contains a unique board layout where the queen pieces are placed. 'Q' indicates a queen and '.' indicates an empty space.

You may return the answer in any order.